Sphinx documentation (#5)
guardicode/service-kit: docs/README.md

Reviewer: Why not put this information under the `## Development` header of the top-level README?

# Service-Kit Code Documentation

> This directory contains the needed file to automatically generate code documentation using Sphinx.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory contains the files needed to generate code documentation using Sphinx.
```

# Configuration

> To change the sphinx configuration change the attributes at `source/conf.py`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change the Sphinx configuration, change the attributes in `source/conf.py`.
```

> The documentation uses `source/_static` as a folder where we keep the custom media, stylesheets, js scripts etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The documentation uses `source/_static` to keep the custom media, stylesheets, js scripts etc.
```

> `source/index.rst` is the main rst file in which we define the look of the index HTML page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`source/index.rst` is the main rst file in which the look of the index HTML page is defined.
```

# Building Documentation

> The make script generates the documentation using sphinx-build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The make script generates the documentation using sphinx-build.
```

> The generated documentation is stored in `build/html` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The generated documentation is stored in `build/html/`.
```

## Linux

1. From `service-kit`, install python dependencies:

>     - `poetry install`

Reviewer: I recommend formatting these as code blocks with statements like `$ poetry install`.
```suggestion
    - `poetry install`
```

1. Activate the python venv

>     - `poetry shell`

Reviewer: `poetry shell` has been deprecated. Use ``` `poetry env activate` ``` instead

1. Generate the documentation:
    - `cd docs`
    - `make html`

## Windows

1. From `service-kit`, install python dependencies:
    - `poetry install`

1. Activate the python venv

    - `poetry shell`

1. Generate the documentation:
   - `cd docs`
   - `make.bat html`

# Deployment

> To deploy the documentation locally open the `index.html` file in the `build/html` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy the documentation locally, open `build/html/index.html`.
```
